Question 1:
Tell me about your background in technology. How did you get started in this field?

Your Answer"
I have a background in software development and AI Technologies I got started by learning with development then gradually working on full status and AI based applications over time I doing it and practical experience by building real projects and solving technical problems

AI Feedback:
The candidate gave a vague answer and didn't address the technical aspects of their journey. They need to provide concrete details about their learning process and practical experience.

Ideal Answer:
The candidate describes their background and relevant experience.
Score:45


Question 2:

What are pseudo-elements in CSS?

Your Answer:
pseudo Elementary in CSS let's use style specific part of an HTML element without added extra HTML for example colon colon before can add content before an element while after I discontent after it

AI Feedback:
{"score": 55, "feedback": "The candidate showed some basic understanding but missed key details about pseudo-elements. They need to define what they are and give examples.", "strengths": ["Understands basic CSS concepts", "Attempts to answer the question", "Uses correct terminology in parts of the answer"], "improvements": ["Define pseudo-elements



Question 3:
How would you apply html in a practical project?

Your Answer:
I would you send email to create the structure of our application such as hidden forms buttons navigation menus tables and Page sections then I would combine it with CSS for styling and JavaScript for functionality and interactions

AI Feedback:
The candidate missed the core purpose of HTML and provided a very superficial answer. They need to understand the role of HTML in structuring content and the importance of semantic elements.


Question

Is there anything you would like to add or ask us before we wrap up the interview?

Your Answer

thank you for the opportunity I would like to know more about the team the Technologies you use and what you expect from someone in this role during the first few months

AI Feedback

{"score": 65, "feedback": "The candidate showed good awareness of the interview process and asked a relevant question about the team's tech stack. They could have framed their closing statement more professionally.", "strengths": ["Showed awareness of the interview process", "Asked a relevant question about the team's tech stack"], "improvements":
